MPC key share 优化 - WIP (#622)
CoboGlobal/product-manual: en/portal/mpc-wallets/ocw/holder-group-signing-group.mdx

---
title: "Signing Keys"
sidebarTitle: "Signing Keys"
lang: "en"
description: "Learn how to create Signing Keys using the Main Key for enhanced security in MPC Wallets."
---

## Signing Key
Signing Keys are created using the Main Key. You can create multiple Signing Keys for different members depending on your business needs.

### Create a Signing Key
Similar to creating the Main Key, you have the option to choose either mobile signer or server signer when creating the Signing Key. Make sure you understand the primary purposes and prerequisites of each signer type by referring to the table in [Create a Main Key](/en/portal/mpc-wallets/ocw/holder-group-main-group#signer-type) before proceeding further.

> After you've chosen a signer type and set up the prerequisites, follow the instructions below to create a Signing Key. **Note:** Only the users who have been assigned [the Operator user role in the organization](/en/portal/organization/roles-and-permissions) can create a Signing Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've chosen a signer type and set up the prerequisites, follow the instructions below to create a Signing Key. **Note:** Only the users who have been assigned the Operator, Manager, Admin [user roles](/en/portal/organization/roles-and-permissions) in the organization can create a Signing Key.
```
